Docs: clarify Grafana version floor for the externalised Elasticsearch plugin (#126817)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/datasources/elasticsearch/_index.md

Starting with Grafana v13.0, the Elasticsearch data source is a standalone plugin, pre-installed in both Grafana OSS and Enterprise. This enables more frequent updates independent of Grafana releases. Grafana automatically checks the plugin catalog and installs the latest version on each server restart.

> The standalone plugin requires Grafana 12.2.0 or later. The Elasticsearch data source bundled with Grafana 12.1 and earlier continues to work as before — these versions are unaffected by the externalisation. Users running Grafana 12.2.x through 12.6.x can install the standalone plugin from the plugin catalog if they want the latest features ahead of Grafana 13.0.

Reviewer: Here's my suggestion to clarify how to use the externalized plugin:

````suggestion
The standalone plugin requires Grafana 12.2.0 or later. Users running Grafana 12.2.x through 12.4.x have the option to install the standalone plugin from the plugin catalog if they want the latest features before upgrading to Grafana 13.0. To use the standalone plugin with Grafana 12.2.x through 12.4.x, add the following to your [configuration file](https://grafana.com/docs/grafana/<GRAFANA_VERSION>/setup-grafana/configure-grafana/):

```
[plugin.elasticsearch]
as_external = true

[plugins]
; Install the latest version on startup:
preinstall_sync = elasticsearch
; Or install a specific version:
; preinstall_sync = elasticsearch@<version>
```
````

Also, I think we should move this info to the end of the section to keep everything relevant to v13 together 🤔

Author: Fixed!
